A case in this video we're going to be looking at column name alias's So a column name alias is when
you rename a column in your results.
So let's take a look at how we can do that.
So you can see here I've selected name price and coffee origin from products and it's return the values
here.
But as I say I wanted to rename this column and our result set to coffee.
So it said coffee instead of name unless I just wanted to name the coffee origin column as country.
To do that I need to go into my select statement and I selected name and I need to type as coffee.
So I'm selecting name as coffee and is going to rename this column to coffee in the resos.
And I also wanted to change coffee origin to country so I can simply type as a country from products.
So let's run this statement now.
And you can see in the results here that is rename the columns to coffee and country instead of name
and coffee origin.
But it's not actually changing the name of the column in the database just in the results.
So if we were to then select stuff from Puddock again we can see that the column names have come back
to name and coffee origin respectively.
So in the database nothing has changed.
It's just in the results.
The columns have been renamed to coffee and country.
So this is how we call them names aliases we use the column name followed by as.
And then the word that you want to rename the column to.
So that's it full column name Elissa's.